- [Instructor] If you have not started WebLogic,
we'll do so here by running the following command
from our home directory.
We'll type Oracle/Middleware/Oracle_Home/user_projects/
domains/hplus_domain/bin/startWebLogic
and this will prompt us again
for our password and credentials.
So with the application,
now we'll wait for that magic log message that says
server state changed to running.
With this in mind, let's stop this server
and we're going to add credentials to a boot.properties file
so WebLogic will start automatically
without asking us for that information.
We're going to cd into the Oracle/Middleware/Oracle_Home/
user_projects/domains/hplus_domain/server/AdminServer
and we're going to make a directory called security.
Inside security,
we're going to create a boot.properties file.
In here, we will type username=weblogic
and password=My$3cret.
Save that, close it.
I'm going to go back to the home directory.
We'll type Oracle/Middleware/Oracle_Home/
user_projects/domains/hplus_domain/bin/startWebLogic
and what you'll notice now is that we're not prompted
for the username and password
and now we see server state has changed to running.
With WebLogic started and running,
let's navigate back to our browser.
We'll refresh this,
type in our password.
By the way, the boot.properties only affects the startup,
not the login from the web console.
The WebLogic administrative console
allows you to do a number of things.
We're going to quickly walk through user account
and modification, deletion, and creation.
We'll click on the Security Realms
and then click on My Realm on the table.
And once the page reloads, click on Users and Groups.
You should see a table that appears with a list of users.
We're going to click on WebLogic
and then on the password tab.
I'm not going to change the password here,
but this is where you would do it.
Okay, so we're going to go back to Users and Groups
and we're going to create a new user,
click on New,
and in the name we'll type hplus_user.
We'll identify this
as the Hplus Sport user for deploying war files.
And in the password I'm going to use our default My$3cret.
This goes without saying
that you don't want to do this in production.
And then we're going to click OK.
Now we're back on the Users and Groups screen
and if we click on the hplus_user again,
we can configure his permissions and rights.
We'll click on the Groups tab
and this will show us all of the available groups
in the system.
For our purposes, we'll make this person a deployer,
monitor,
operator,
and an app tester
and we'll click the arrow to bring those over,
then we'll click Save.
So let's test our user.
We'll click Logout.
Type hplus_user,
type our password.
We're going to navigate back to the Security Realms
and to My Realm and then the Users and Groups,
where we were before,
and you'll notice they don't have permissions
to change or add users
which is because we've only given them limited permissions.
They will however have rights to deploy applications.